feat: add sections about testing (#100)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/developer-guide/tests/sqlness-test.md

# Sqlness Test

## Introduction
SQL is an important user interface for `GreptimeDB`. We have a separate test suite for it (named `sqlness`).

## Sqlness manual

### Case file
Sqlness has three types of file
- `.sql`: Test input, SQL only

> - `.result`: Expected test output, SQL and its result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.result`: expected test output, SQL and its results
```

> - `.output`: Different output, SQL and its result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.output`: different output, SQL and its results
```

> Both `.result` and `.output` are output (execution result) files. The different is that `.result` is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `.result` and `.output` are output (execution result) files. The difference is that `.result` is the
```

> standard (expected) output, and `.output` is the error output. Therefore, finding `.output` files generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the standard (expected) output, and `.output` is the error output. Therefore, finding `.output` files generated
```

> after you run the test means this test gets a different result and indicates the test fails. You should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it means this test gets a different result and indicates it fails. You should
```

> check your change to solve the problem.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check change logs to solve the problem.  
```

> You only need to write your test SQL in `.sql` file, and run the test. On the first run it will produce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to write test SQL in `.sql` file, and run the test. On the first run it produces
```

an `.output` file because there is no `.result` to compare with. If you can make sure the content in

> `.output` is correct, you can rename it to `.result`, which means it's the expected output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.output` is correct, you can rename it to `.result`, which means it is the expected output.
```

And at any time there should only be two file types, `.sql` and `.result` -- otherwise, an existing `.output`

> file means your test fails. That's why we don't ignore `.output` file in `.gitignore`, we should track

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file means your test fails. That's why we should not ignore `.output` file type in `.gitignore`, instead, track
```

it and make sure it doesn't exist.

### Case organization
The root dir of input cases is `tests/cases`. It contains several sub-directories stand for different test
modes. E.g., `standalone/` contains all the tests to run under `greptimedb standalone start` mode.

Under the first level of sub-directory (e.g. the `cases/standalone`), you can organize your cases as you like.

> Sqlness will walk through every file recursively and run them.

Reviewer: Sqlness walks through every file recursively and run them.

> Sqlness will walk through every file recursively and run them.

Author: ```suggestion
Sqlness walks through every file recursively and runs them.
```

## Run the test
Unlike other tests, this harness is in a binary target form. You can run it with
```shell
cargo run --bin sqlness-runner
```

> It will automatically finish the following procedures: compile `GreptimeDB`, start it, grab tests and feed it to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It automatically finishes the following procedures: compile `GreptimeDB`, start it, grab tests and feed it to
```

> the server, then collect and compare the result. You only need to check whether there are new `.output` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the server, then collect and compare the results. You only need to check whether there are new `.output` files.
```
